Allow longer CIDs (#2749)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-invariants.md

+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
|                         Version (32)                          |
+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+

> |    DCIL (8)   |

Reviewer: I think that we should have a varint length.

Author: Discussed in the room; though varints would help with greasing; it is a pain and creates serious problems for current deployments.

> |    DCIL (8)   |

Reviewer: Maybe not for this PR, but something to consider...

"DCIL" was chosen to fit in the small space available in the diagram.  The new field is a little wider and could fit `DCID Len (8)` comfortably.

The next four bytes include a 32-bit Version field (see {{version}}).

The next byte contains the length in bytes of the destination Connection ID
(see {{connection-id}}) that follows.  The length is encoded as an 8-bit
unsigned integer. This is followed by the destination Connection ID itself,
associated with the receiver of the packet.

> The next two fields are the Connection ID length for the source and the source

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next two fields are the length in bytes of the source Connection ID and the source
```

Author: I am happy to commit this, but it's 'outdated'. Can you update?
